[ENH] BEP Update (#277)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/06-extensions.md

| :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [BEP001](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QwfHyBzOyFWOLO4u_kkojLpUhW0-4_M7Ubafu9Gf4Gg) | Structural acquisitions that include multiple contrasts (multi echo, flip angle, inversion time) sequences | Gilles de Hollander                                                        | The draft BEP is nearly ready to be submitted as a PR.                                                                                                                                                                                    | A few items need to be revised and a final decision made.                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [BEP001](https://github.com/bids-standard/bep001) | Structural acquisitions that include multiple contrasts (multi echo, flip angle, inversion time) sequences | Gilles de Hollander and Kirstie Whitaker                                                       | The draft BEP is nearly ready to be submitted as a PR.                                                                                                                                                                                    | A few items need to be revised and a final decision made.                              |
```

| [BEP012](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16CvBwVMAs0IMhdoKmlmcm3W8254dQmNARo-7HhE-lJU) | The functional preprocessing derivatives                                                                   | Camille Maumet and Chris Markiewicz                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | None.                                                                                  |

> | [BEP013](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qBNQimDx6CuvHjbDvuFyBIrf2WRFUOJ-u50canWjjaw) | The resting state fMRI derivatives                                                                         | Steven Giavasis                                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | None.                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: This one was merged into BEP012.

Author: I added a note of this for this update. In future updates it can be noted below the merged BEPs (e.g. BEP 6, 7, 8, 10)

> | [BEP014](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11gCzXOPUbYyuQx8fErtMO9tnOKC3kTWiL9axWkkILNE) | The affine transformations and nonlinear field warps                                                       | Oscar Esteban                                                              | This BEP is being refactored and will be released to the community for feedback.                                                                                                                                                          | Refactoring.                                                                 |

Author: @oesteban - here is the line for providing an update on the BIDS Transforms

> | [BEP014](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11gCzXOPUbYyuQx8fErtMO9tnOKC3kTWiL9axWkkILNE) | The affine transformations and nonlinear field warps                                                       | Oscar Esteban                                                              | This BEP is being refactored and will be released to the community for feedback.                                                                                                                                                          | Refactoring.                                                                 |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| [BEP014](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11gCzXOPUbYyuQx8fErtMO9tnOKC3kTWiL9axWkkILNE) | The affine transformations and nonlinear field warps                                                       | Oscar Esteban                                                              | A new file format (X5) to store spatial transforms is being created, and a draft proposal has been discussed under the scope of this BEP. A software prototype demonstrating X5 is currently under development.                           | In progress.                                                                 |
```
